[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Belinda
Womack is back with us again
by popular demand.
In our last
conversation, we spoke
about how she came into
contact with her angels,
and the lovely messages they
imparted to her and to us.
Today, we'll speak about
broader opportunities that
are available in these
fascinating and challenging
times, from the reformation
of our societies,
to love, to the most important
belief we could each hold.
So first of all, I just want
to thank you for coming back.
That was so fun last time.
But it wasn't just fun.
It was meaningful.
You hold a level of frequencies
that is very, very rare.
And I know I shared off-camera
a little bit about what
someone else had said
about your work, which
I found fascinating.
And that was their
girlfriend had
come in contact with your book
after seeing our interview.
They said, did you
interview an angel lady?
And this is someone who does
the David Hawkins calibration
method, which is a
form of calibrating
the truthfulness or
the consciousness
in anything, really, and been
doing it for many, many years.
Lovely soul.
And he said, my girlfriend
came home with this book
from some angel lady
you interviewed.
And he said, I calibrated it.
He said, that was in the top
two or three most highest levels
of consciousness of
any spiritual text
he had ever calibrated.
And so I just wanted
to share that with you
because that I can feel in you.
And you say, oftentimes,
people think,
oh, it's such simple messages.
Tell us about that, how
people respond to your work.
>> BELINDA WOMACK: Well, so I
feel so blessed, first of all,
to be back on "Open Minds,"
so thank you so much.
And so I'm a channel for
these amazing 12 archangels.
Their whole message is to
deliver the message of love
as if we truly are
five-year-olds because that's
the way they see us.
They see us as innocent children
that sometimes are very lost
on our way.
But they love us, and
they're guiding us
through this School Room Earth.
They're helping us to understand
that we're really just here
to learn what love is.
And as we do that,
we are learning
for all of the universe.
It's not just about
being human beings.
It's about the whole
incredible collective
of all of God's cosmos.
So their messages
are the vibration
of love given to us
to move us forward,
out of our grief and
our suffering, back
into Heaven on Earth.
>> REGINA: And the messages to
five-year-olds are generally
very direct and simple.
But-- and I said this last
time-- when I read your book,
I felt a level of refinement
in it that is very rare.
And obviously, it
would be, considering
the nature of the beings.
And right down to
the colors that
are chosen for each of these
elegant little meditations
in the book, very,
very powerful because
of the refined level of the
information coming through.
And it's combined
with the feelings,
the thoughts, the imagery, the
colors used in the imagery.
It all goes together.
It's not just one piece.
And though it
sounds quite simple,
it's not, just for us to
get in and really hold that,
the hardest of all being love.
And especially-- which is why
I wanted to do this interview
with you--
especially right
now in these times
because I have never
experienced this nation
certainly so polarized
as it is right now.
And the one thing missing
on both sides is love.
We're finding it hard to
dig down at this time.
And so with that, speaking
with you is a little different.
It's not like you go
into a different state,
close your eyes, and are
speaking with an accent
or anything like that.
It's that your
guides, the angels,
are with you all the time.
It's hard to even have a
private conversation with you
because they're talking
to you, and we almost
have to limit it to watching
movies or something--
[CHUCKLES] talking
about the movies.
So we're just going to
have a conversation.
And oftentimes, people will see
your eyes will be roaming up
to one side or the other.
And you're just
listening, and you're just
bringing through what you're
being told in real time.
So I just wanted to
set that up because I
want to begin by talking
with them about the greatest
opportunity that's
being offered us
in these most polarized times.
>> WOMACK: So the message from
the 12 archangels is that this
is such an exciting
time for humanity.
This is the time
when the shadow--
that which has been ignored,
and shoved into the closet,
and pushed into the basement--
is rising up to the light so
that it can return to love.
Love is the greatest
transforming power
in all of the cosmos.
So this time may
appear to be dark.
It may look like it's scary.
It may look like
just about everything
that it's not because
what this time is about
is that it's about healing.
It's about bringing
the past that humanity
has buried in the
collective subconscious--
bringing it up, lifting
up the vibration
so that it can be transformed.
Human beings forget that
they are co-creators,
like Mother-Father God.
They co-create.
They dream their
lives into being.
And what they
don't understand is
that very often, the material
that they are using to create
is from the past.
It's thoughts.
It's memories.
It's belief paradigms.
It's ancestral bits
of suffering and lack
that have been-- again,
it's been shoved down
under the rug in
the subconscious.
And so they don't know
that they're not victims.
They don't realize
how powerful they
are because they
don't consciously
understand that
they are creating
their lives into being.
>> REGINA: From old
energy patterns.
>> WOMACK: Exactly, Regina.
From old energy patterns that
they've forgotten about because
it's uncomfortable.
What human beings do is
that they have to survive.
So if it's unpleasant, like
rage, or suffering, or pain,
or self-punishment,
self-loathing, guilt--
all of those really heavy
duty emotions and thoughts
that come from fear.
And remember, we're here to
learn how to work with love.
Well, in order to
survive and keep going,
human beings put those
in the subconscious.
They put them down
into the basement.
But then that's what continues
to rise up and create
exactly the situations
that humanity
is experiencing right now.
So there is a higher
purpose to this time.
There is a higher orchestration
of the events that
are happening on this
planet and in the United
States of America.
It is a purging of
the subconscious.
It is a purging of the
old male paradigm--
the control, the
judgment, the separation.
That's what fear does, is
it separates the human ego
from the human soul.
And so in order to create that
fusion that really has always
been of Heaven and Earth,
and heart and mind,
the separation has to be purged.
It has to come out
into the light.
And that's just the way that
the Creator created School Room
Earth.
≫> REGINA: Very true.
And we've seen evidence
across the board in this.
I think that we had
believed en masse,
that we had reached if not a
spiritual level of civility,
at least a cultural
level of civility.
But in fact, what we saw in
recent months was what you say.
The darker belief
patterns still held,
whether it was racism, or
sexism, or whatnot, all
starting to rise to the
surface, showing it never left.
We somehow just masked it
pretty well for a decade or two.
And you're right.
How can you heal anything?
It's like a wound if you don't
allow it to come up and be
shown in the sun, right?
>> WOMACK: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
>> REGINA: So now we get a real
glimpse of what we're holding.
I love the way you put it.
This is a glimpse of our
subconscious mind en masse.
It It is.
It's just the past.
And the way that the angels
encourage us with love,
and there's just so
much help for all of us.
And they say, if you can
just accept it's the past,
let it go.
Let the past go
within your own being.
When you have those
thoughts come up
in your own mind of the old
story of low self-esteem,
or I'm not good enough, or I'm
not this enough, let it go.
That's the past.
You are a divine being,
every human being.
That's what the
12 archangels say.
You are a child of God.
Everything is happening
in divine order.
So if you want to make
a difference to what's
happening in the big, outer
reality of the collective,
look within.
Pay attention to
your own thoughts
and to your own feelings.
And instead of saying,
oh, no, I feel guilty.
That's bad.
Or here I go.
I'm afraid of money again.
I can't do that.
Let it come up.
Breathe through it.
But surrender it back to
the central sun, which
just means the heart of God.
Or put it in the color purple--
the energy of your Crown Chakra,
or battery of spiritual energy,
whatever you want to call it.
>> REGINA: But don't
stuff it back down
into the subconscious.
>> WOMACK: But don't stuff it.
Because that's
what we're seeing.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And you know, the human
species, because we're young
in many ways still
in our development,
tends like all immature beings--
and even in the animal kingdom
those who are less mature,
and bullies, and so forth.
We tend to learn more,
it seems, from strife.
And so certain events
have to roll out
in order for us to
wake up to the need
for any kind of change.
Is it possible for earthlings
to learn any other way
than through stress?
>> WOMACK: Most definitely.
The 12 archangels say that
it's a choice that you make,
and that what really
sort of steers
that choice is that a very
shocking thing happened when
the angels and the Creator
created this School Room
Earth, that in the past was
called the School of Duality--
no one knew that fear was
going to be so entertaining.
>> REGINA: Explain that
a little bit better.
I think most of us do
know what you're saying,
but I would like to
hear more from them.
>> WOMACK: So fear became so
exciting with all of the drama
it creates, and
all of the strife,
and the suffering because
suffering is a way
for the little child within--
because again, the angels see
all of us as little children--
to get attention.
So what human beings
have learned how to do
is to get attention
through suffering.
They've have learned to get
attention through strife.
That's what's on the news,
through the violence,
and the hatred,
and the separation.
So it's the darkness
that gets attention.
And every little
child learns that.
Wow, if I scare
my little sister,
then I might get in trouble.
I might get some
really good attention
here from Mom and Dad.
I might be the
center of attention.
Human beings are an amazing
creation by the Creator.
And they were created
in the image of God.
So they love attention.
So the choice--
back to the choice.
How do you want to get
your attention, humanity?
Do you want to get your
attention through joy,
and prosperity, and abundance,
and love, and great sex,
and good health, and longevity?
Or do you want to
get your attention
through drama, and fear,
and hatred, and illness,
and separation?
The choice is yours.
The angels say, the whole
incredible collective or team,
the community of great beings--
just means great, just
means greatly loving.
We are here walking with
you, holding your hands.
Your loved ones in heaven are
trying to nudge you, nudge you.
Let go.
Let go of the drama.
Get back on the spoke so
the spider doesn't bite you,
so that you can enjoy--
so that you can enjoy the
Heaven that is your birthright.
Heaven is not
boring, they tell us.
It's not boring.
You really are safe to let
go of the fear and the drama.
>> REGINA: And create.
>> WOMACK: And create from a
completely different vibration.
But that is our choice.
>> REGINA: And yet we have these
incredibly active, beautiful,
sometimes incredibly
invasive emotions.
And the emotions of
the human species,
when I've read
books of or spoken
to other people who have
been to other realms,
even other ET civilizations--
the notion always
comes up that we
seem to be unique
in our emotionality.
And as you say, maybe somewhat
addicted to it as well.
Can you have them talk about
the universality of emotion
at large and the distinctness
of perhaps human emotion?
>> WOMACK: So it's
all about vibration.
Emotion is energy in motion.
Emotion comes from the divine
mother or the divine feminine.
So the divine masculine,
the male aspect of God,
creates thought.
But the divine mother,
she creates emotion.
So at the highest
vibration of love--
or the highest frequency,
as you put it--
love is the most
powerful creative force
in all of the great cosmos.
It is what created planet Earth.
Mother Gaia, our Mother Earth,
is an archangel herself.
And so we can see what the
divine feminine is capable of.
Now if we put in the
vibration of fear,
just like with thought, and we
take that vibration of emotion,
and we bring it
very, very low down,
then we're very separated
from the mother.
And so we feel abandoned.
This is just a natural
response, and this
is what human beings are
capable of experiencing.
It's a lie.
It's not real.
But we can experience
that God is far away
and that there is no
Mother-Father for me.
So when that happens, we get
filled with rage and hostility,
and then we feel
guilty about it.
And then we feel resentful for
the people that have the love
that we think we're not getting.
So if we want to
experience what so
much of the universe
and other civilizations
get to experience, it's
all about vibration.
We honor our rage,
and our guilt,
and our resentment,
and our shame.
Those are pretty much
the lowest we can go.
And again, we put them
in the color purple,
or we just ask our angels to
fill these emotions with love.
We basically just have to
use our intention and say,
I let these go.
It's that simple.
It's that simple to let it go.
>> REGINA: And yet
they're so addictive.
>> WOMACK: Well,
especially guilt.
The way the angels put
this, and I hope this is--
they're in charge of
this conversation.
I'm sure you know that.
>> REGINA: Anything can be said.
>> WOMACK: They say that
if there is a true devil,
it's guilt because guilt locks
a human being up so that they
don't even want to hear
their own thoughts.
They don't want to hear their
own feelings because they
feel ashamed of it.
So if there's anything that
we can do, it is to say,
you know what, wherever
that guilt is in my cells,
in my atoms, in
my consciousness,
in my subconscious, I let it go.
Now the color purple,
that violet fire-- again,
the energy of forgiveness--
knows how.
It's the consciousness
of our Creator.
It knows how to suss out
the guilt in ourselves
and transform it
for us immediately.
So if there is--
we've mentioned a devil, right?
So if there is a savior,
it is to let the love
into our vessels.
It's the greatest
healing power there is.
To find that guilt,
to lift it up,
and with it, all those
heavy duty drama--
negative drama-loving
emotions will lift up.
And that makes room in
the human vessel for joy.
>> REGINA: It's so simple.
>> WOMACK: Yes, it is simple.
>> REGINA: Yet we have been
conditioned to believe anything
good that could possibly happen
to us either has to be blind
luck or it has to be merited.
You have to earn it.
And there's this
roll up your sleeves,
and you're always falling short,
and never quite good enough
to have merited these kinds
of blissful interventions,
so to speak.
Can they speak to
that for a moment?
>> WOMACK: So that's
the old male paradigm.
And paradigms are like the
way that the angels give us
this wonderful simple imagery
to do a little exercise.
And that is to see your
mind as a great library.
And at the front desk is
a guardian angel librarian
who is so ready to take
you to the old male room.
And in the old male room
are all of the books--
>> REGINA: The do's and don'ts.
>> WOMACK: The indoctrinations
of when the masculine took
the power away
from the feminine,
which was part of our
evolution in our education.
We are in school here.
So part of our
education that we do
for all of the universe, for all
of the souls in the universe,
again, is to experience
separation from our Creator,
to believe that our Creator
is outside of us, not inside
of us, and that we live
outside of the Creator or God.
And so that's where the old
male paradigm was created.
It's the intermediary, right--
because it's thoughts, so
that's the male part of this.
So that male part of the way
our logical, rational hemisphere
was designed to think says,
I need to be in control,
and I need to be right,
and I need for things
to make me look important.
It's all about
self-importance for the ego.
And when that ego needs to
have that self-importance,
then that's what can create even
more separation between self
and Creator.
So again, that old
male paradigm--
it's simple to remove
if we're ready, is
to go with our guardian
angel librarian and say,
OK, all the old male stuff
that says, God is far away,
and I'm here and I'm all alone.
And there's no blessings for me.
There is no support for me.
I am all on my own.
Let's let that go, humanity.
>> REGINA: So what's that
look like once you've gotten
into the patriarchy
wing of the library?
What do you do with those books?
>> WOMACK: You call
on the 12 archangels.
And this is my
favorite approach.
You let archangel Michael,
who I call Big Blue--
he takes that sapphire
blue sword of his
and it turns into a blowtorch.
>> REGINA: [LAUGHS] I love it.
>> WOMACK: And lies in our mind
turn to white ash immediately
because if it's not truth
of the highest vibration,
it's illusion.
And once illusion
meets the truth,
which is archangel Michael's
flame, it disappears.
So you just allow archangel
Michael to go at it.
And then they sweep--
all those amazing big angels,
and your guardian angels
will come in.
They just sweep all of
that dust out your left ear
because that represents
the past, the left side.
They say, this is in the past,
into a violent fire ocean
of forgiveness because for
these old beliefs to really go,
they must be forgiven.
We have to forgive
ourselves that we bought
into it in the first place
because ultimately, there
is a nugget.
There's a flame in every
human being that remembers
that he or she is divine.
And so we are constantly
needing to forgive ourselves
for being rather
stupid, actually.
>> REGINA: So you've
talked about purple,
but you've also
talked about violet.
And then you have this
lovely kind of violet indigo
you're wearing today.
So how specific do people
need to be about the color
when they're invoking
this image in their mind,
whether it's to go into the
violet river, or flame, or any
of the number of violent
exercises in your book?
Do they need to look up
Pantone color of violet?
>> WOMACK: They really just
need to hold the intention
of the energy of their Crown
Chakra, which is violet.
Now if we get technical
in the rainbow,
violet is the highest
vibration of that
of the rainbows of color, and
so it does not have red in it.
But violet fire
actually does have
the ruby flame, which is
the energy of the Root
Chakra in it.
So the angels will
go back and forth
between calling it
the violet flame
and calling it the color
purple because they
mean the same thing.
>> REGINA: Right.
And purple is infused
with more red,
and violet is infused
with a tad more blue.
>> WOMACK: And it all works.
>> REGINA: It all works.
OK.
Good.
That's good to know.
When you were
talking a moment ago,
there's one thing that comes
up in a lot of my interviews
with a lot of people--
whether it's on the subject of
ETs, interdimensional beings,
and so forth--
and that is the notion that
because the human species
is quite naive and young
in its growth cycle
still, that there has
been certain interference
or exploitation from
outside forces that
have inspired us into certain
ways of being or thinking.
What do your beings
say about that?
>> WOMACK: So the
12 archangels--
first of all, they appreciate
that you asked this question.
They say, again,
that even this topic
shows that human
consciousness sees
that the rest of
the universe lives
outside of their own being.
If you understand oneness
and you understand
that nothing can leave
oneness, and that everything
is held within the central
sun, the heart of God,
then you can begin to understand
that if there has been
any tampering with, or
interference, or invasion,
ultimately, it is from within.
And it is for the greatest
good of all concerned.
The Law of One rules
the universe, not just
planet Earth.
And the Law of One
says that that which
is for the greatest good of all
particles of God's energy, that
is what must be.
So again, here on the
Earth, you are learning.
Do you have teachers that appear
from all over the universe?
Yes, absolutely, and
what a blessing that is.
>> REGINA: And from all
realms, high and low.
>> WOMACK: Absolutely.
And isn't that marvelous,
the angels say.
>> REGINA: Because we do
learn through contrast.
Right?
>> WOMACK: That's why
this school was created--
to learn, to learn from
opposites of light and dark,
and male and female,
and good and evil,
if you want to use those words.
But ultimately, it's all about
energy, and it's all vibration.
>> REGINA: And it's all about
how we choose to utilize that
energy and express
it in the end--
how we want to take
it in, transform it--
because I do have some
issues about featuring
some of the stories
that I do that get
into the darker forces,
the hidden forces
because it scares people.
And it's just feeding
into the fright machine,
and that's not really where
I feel we need to be going.
And yet, at the same
time, I understand
that some people
do begin their path
of awakening through some
unique quality and fear.
>> WOMACK: Well, so the angels'
response to that is, Regina,
you are a being
of love and light.
And you are a great healer
of many, many incarnations.
So we ask of you to
listen to your heart,
and that if you are
sharing a teaching that
is founded in fear, to
balance it with love.
And we are grateful
to you for doing that.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
I do try to do that,
even in the dark topics,
to show the silver lining of it.
But I am concerned about the
propagation of fear any longer.
It seems like we're at a
time-- a tipping point now.
We've created rather
frightful circumstances
around the world--
socially, politically, and
otherwise, not just in the US.
And so it seems to me that
that elevation beyond fear
is really more in
line with what--
what are you hearing?
[CHUCKLES]
>> WOMACK: That fear is
falling out of fashion.
>> REGINA: Thank God.
Yes.
>> WOMACK: The fear is
falling out of fashion.
The 12 archangels say, so we
helped to create this school.
And the education
has been phenomenal.
But it's time for
humanity to graduate.
>> REGINA: I agree.
And And what humans don't
understand because of oneness
is that all of the
people on your planet
that are addicted to fear--
as you said, fear can
be very addictive.
They actually are
all part of you.
So if you want to make a
difference-- and they say,
we understand this
can be a little bit
tough for the human
ego to understand.
But if you can see humanity
as one human body, and that
the little finger has cancer--
right?
So the little finger has all
of this fear, and hatred,
and darkness, and
separation, and old male,
and bullies, and--
but you don't want to
cut off the little finger
because it's sick.
What you want to do is
stop telling it it's bad.
You are a bad little finger.
You are sick.
>> REGINA: You deserve this.
>> WOMACK: You are a
sick little finger.
What you want to do
in the little finger
is a metaphor for the
little child, by the way.
So you want to understand that
if I fill that finger with
love, and I fill it with
healing energy, and I own it--
this is my little finger--
then that is how you can heal
the collective human body,
the one human body.
That is how any
individual human being
can make a profound
difference, is
instead of going into separation
about your new president,
as an example, focus on love.
It is the greatest power
in all of the cosmos.
>> REGINA: And as we
talked about earlier,
that this purging of the
subconscious that this has
allowed to take place,
there is not a person--
we may say, oh, this racism
that's come to the forefront.
But there's not
a person among us
that hasn't judged someone else
based on something external.
>> WOMACK: That is
very true because--
>> REGINA: We've all done it.
>> WOMACK: Well, again,
if we understand oneness,
everyone that is out
there lives within us,
either in a past life
or in our ancestry.
And again, we come
to the subconscious.
What a human being
doesn't understand
is sometimes the
thousands of lives
they have lived and the
thousands of tens of thousands
of ancestors that
they've had that go
with those thousands of lives.
>> REGINA: Some of
which they are, right?
We are often a product of our
own ancestors, again and again.
>> WOMACK: Of course.
>> REGINA: Reincarnating
into the same DNA pools
and bloodlines.
>> WOMACK: Of course.
And so it's all within us.
And that's also a safety
net for School Room Earth.
It's part of the design
of the school, so that
those who are willing--
as I believe many
in your audience
are those who are willing.
And I really want to acknowledge
the incredible people
in your audience
and their courage.
>> REGINA: Beautiful souls.
>> WOMACK: And powerful souls.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WOMACK: So our message is,
remember you have the power
because within you,
you have lived it.
You have been everything.
You have been the murderer.
You have been the prostitute.
You have been the racist.
You have been the
bereft, starving child
in a foreign country.
You've been it all, or it
is with-- you have access
to it within your own vessel.
So what do you do?
You ask for your vessel,
your human vessel,
to be filled with the color
purple of transformation
and forgiveness, in every
cell, in every molecule,
in every atom and space
between your atoms
to be filled with love.
>> REGINA: So taking
this conversation over
to the influence of
events as they roll out--
how one event affects another
event in history and so forth.
Recently, this has been
coming to my attention
for some reason, in a
lot of different ways.
And it might have
to do with the fact
that the period of time
we're in right now,
apparently, astrologically has a
lot of overlays with the 1960s.
So I keep bumping into
scenarios, articles,
recently a television
series called--
this one was called
"11.22.63."--
the day of the
Kennedy assassination.
And this keeps coming
up into view, that--
the question is, that
event that occurred
changed our history in
the West, especially
in the United States.
Some people look to it as the
day America took a dark turn,
even.
Many people feel
that way about it.
And it was a very, very sad day.
And yet, many people
are experiencing
these same feelings now.
So I have a double
question here.
One, was that event
in the '60s something
that had to happen for a
particular agenda to roll out?
Were souls chose to be
involved in this experience?
>> WOMACK: Yes.
>> REGINA: Can you please
share more with us?
>> WOMACK: Everything on School
Room Earth is orchestrated
by your own higher selves.
That means your soul
that stays in Heaven,
you send a small part of
that to this vibration.
In order for the collective--
again the human body--
to learn, there are
different events
that are agreed to, such as
the Kennedy assassination,
as well as 9/11,
and other events.
They are orchestrated,
and people agree--
they make contracts-- to
go through this segment
of the movie.
If you can step back and if
you can see that what happens
in your world, it's a drama.
It's a movie.
And each one of you are
dreaming, you are thinking,
and feeling into
reality your own reality
that overplays and interacts
in the one big dream.
Those of us, those beings--
we are called the 12
archangels of the central sun.
We work together with all
of the ascended masters,
the team that
supports the evolution
of the consciousness of God.
We work with each
of you individually
and we work with the
collective human body
to help you to awaken,
to move through the past
so that you can be
grounded in a new future.
>> REGINA: So what was the
silver lining or opportunity
for learning in the loss of a
number of the Kennedy family,
for example?
>> WOMACK: The Kennedys.
We want to clarify this.
The Kennedys that
left your Earth
remain very closely
attached to your school
or connected to your school.
Forgive us for using
the word attachment.
That can have a negative
or fearful vibration.
Very often, great souls,
which some of the Kennedys
are great souls that
incarnated, they
will be here for a short time.
And then they return to Heaven,
but they remain in service
to the Earth.
Now remember, the
universe is infinite.
But just think of how important
the Earth is to the education,
not just of human beings,
but to all of the universe.
So the Kennedys are still
teaching, still helping
to raise consciousness,
still pushing
buttons, which was one of the
main reasons for what happened.
It was, again, to push buttons
in the subconscious that say,
look at this.
Look at what is happening.
And another important
point of your president
and his assassin--
excuse Belinda, sometimes
she has trouble with words--
assassination is that
this man was also very
judged for his personal life.
And what came of his
death, as well as his life
before that death, is it
helped to move humanity
to a different
place of judgment.
Look at your current president.
Look at the incredible
judgment, but also
going past that judgment
of certain characteristics,
character flaws, and qualities.
President Kennedy was very
influential in helping
human consciousness
to open the book
and not just look
inside the cover--
not just look at the cover.
>> REGINA: Yes, indeed.
And so that was our
opportunity for growth.
But at the same
time, what followed
appeared to be a few decades
of a darkening type of agenda,
a feeling of, in
one way, almost more
oppression of the human spirit.
The loss even on a
level of education--
of some of the more refined
beautiful aspects of education.
It's like a darkening
across the doorway.
>> WOMACK: So the
Dark Ages again.
We hear you.
And we honor and respect
what you are sharing.
But again, from our
perspective, what
we say to you is the darkness
has to come to the light
before it can be transformed
so that it can be forgiven.
Now let us remind you of
why this school called
Earth was created.
It was created.
So that humanity--
not just humanity.
All of the universe
through humanity
would learn the value of love.
How do we learn
the value of love
as souls to have
loved taken away?
>> REGINA: Loss.
Yes.
>> WOMACK: The loss of love.
And there's been enough of that.
We've shared that with you.
We are ready for this
experiment called duality
to be over in Earth time.
So what you refer to--
the refinement, the arts,
the education, the higher
consciousness of humanity--
it did not die.
But for some individuals,
and from the perspective
of, again, the collective, it
looks like it has been lost.
It has not been lost.
It is finding new ways to
come out into your world.
We believe that is
called the internet.
>> REGINA: Indeed.
[CHUCKLES] That is true.
Thank you for that.
Because now we--
I have several things,
different types of topics,
that it might seem like it's
non-sequential to kind of hop
through.
But this has to do
with Earth changes.
People don't talk
about Earth changes
quite as much as they
did even a decade ago.
It was dominating
the conversation
for a long time--
fear of earthquakes
and various things, tsunamis.
And the beings that I have
spoken to in the past--
once-- we were talking about
Edgar Cayce's predictions
about the Earth and
the Earth changes.
And they said, much of this
will, in time, come to pass.
However, depending
on the consciousness
of the people upon the land
in those areas, some of this
will be averted.
And so can you
please share with us
in a little bit of
depth what that means?
>> WOMACK: It depends on what
you need in order to remember
the value of love.
So we say to you--
we hope you don't mind.
We've just taken over
Belinda, and she's used to it.
So it's quite OK.
>> REGINA: She's agreed to it.
>> WOMACK: She's with us.
Your Mother Earth is one
of the 12 archangels.
The number 12 is symbolic.
It means evolution,
just like there
are 12 signs in the zodiac
and 12 months in the year.
Your Mother Earth is incredibly
engaged in your evolution.
And she is passionate about it.
And she is passionate
about helping humanity
to let those old emotions
come up and out so that they
can be heard and felt.
We say as often as we have
the opportunity to say,
do you want to heal your body?
Then ask yourself,
what am I feeling?
What am I feeling?
And let it come up and out,
and your cells will heal.
Your Earth is the same.
She is a great Goddess.
She is a great
archangel, arch meaning
bridging Heaven and Earth,
bridging ego to soul.
Her Earth changes
are nothing more
than an external
mirror back to all
of you, of your own
emotions that you
have pushed underground.
So when she has a volcano,
when she has a tsunami
and you want to help calm her
hurricanes, take a moment,
and breathe in deeply, and
ask, what am I feeling?
Are there any old feelings
that are far, far away
from the divine mother
stuck within my cells,
stuck within my subconscious?
Do I have some self-loathing
in there, some shame?
Do I have some
violence within me?
Turn yourself into a dragon
in your creative imagination
and release in a safe way.
Not only does that help
bring peace on Earth,
it helps to avert destruction.
She's merely trying to tell
you how you destroy yourselves
by not feeling.
And that is her job as one
of your major professors.
>> REGINA: And so conversely,
where we are making progress,
where we are able to understand
ourselves more as a sense
of spiritual community-- and I
mean that in the deepest sense,
where we are able to move
away from some of the denser
frequencies,
vibrations into higher.
Any events that may
have looked like they
were going to manifest can be
calmed, soothed, not happen.
>> WOMACK: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WOMACK: Humanity, do you
realize how many times you
would have blown up School
Room Earth with your nuclear
weapons?
Do you have any understanding?
And you have averted all of that
through your conscious ones,
through your willing ones.
And we want to differentiate
between consciousness
and willingness.
>> REGINA: Please explain this.
Yes.
>> WOMACK: There are human
beings who have not read
your Bible, who have not
studied the course in miracles,
who do not know
who Edgar Cayce is.
But yet they are willing
to take responsibility
for their own behavior,
for their own passions,
for their own feelings.
And even though they
have lives of hardship,
they are willing to love and
to practice loving kindness.
From our perspective, those
are the conscious ones.
And we are so grateful.
We are so grateful.
>> REGINA: On that note, one
of the questions I have is,
we're very--
on a lot of levels, where our
thought is central to wherever
it is that we're located.
But this is more of a
universal-- in this case,
global-- discussion.
And I wanted to know
from where you sit,
where you view some of the
greatest rise in consciousness
on the planet is happening in
places that might surprise us?
Being in America, we always
think, oh, well, America first,
but not necessarily.
I mean, this is a
wonderful place to be.
But I'm wondering if
there are-- where are you
seeing pockets of
incredible growth
on this level of willingness?
>> WOMACK: The
angels say, Regina,
you know the answer
to this question.
It is happening
all over the world,
in all walks of life because
the ancient ones have returned.
>> REGINA: That's my
follow-up question.
[CHUCKLES] So if you'd
please, go ahead with that
because again, we
meet people, and it's
such ancient family now.
Round and round we go.
And so many from even
the times of Atlantis
that seem to be coming
back together with some
recall again, which has memory.
It even has technology--
spiritual technology.
Can you talk about what
is awaiting us once we
awaken to that in ourselves?
>> WOMACK: So in the beginning,
when the Creator dreamed
herself into being,
himself into being--
because the Creator is beyond a
him and her or a her and him--
there were 12 great souls
birthed from the central soul.
Our names are the 12 archangels.
From those 12, remember
we speak in metaphor.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WOMACK: There were ancient
ones birthed at the same time.
And it was their
prayer to create
a school unique in
all of the expanding
consciousness and creation of
the Creator of Mother-Father
God.
Those ancient ones
created your school.
They are Lemurian
in their roots.
They are Atlantean, and
they are, of course,
from this time of Tara.
And they have returned
in full force.
Your ascended masters that you
speak of throughout the ages,
they are here.
The ancient kings and
queens, they are here.
The high priestesses and
priests that their role was
to hold the consciousness of
the Creator of the highest truth
that only love
exists, they are here.
>> REGINA: Everywhere,
all around the planet.
>> WOMACK: The angels are here.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WOMACK: We are all here.
So of course, humanity will be
successful in this graduation.
>> REGINA: And along
that line, again,
dipping back into antiquity and
some of these original ancient
beings, is Atlantis going to
be rising back to the surface
again?
>> REGINA: From our perspective,
the fall of Atlantis
and the fall of Lemuria,
it was illusion,
just like you describe the
arts, and music, and education,
and that it appears right now
that all of those are less
important than bank accounts,
and politics, and big business.
We say to you that the
beautiful era of Lemuria,
the time of the divine feminine
and feeling, and the time
of Atlantis, and the
power of your thoughts,
and of the divine masculine,
they just moved behind a veil.
So the veil is lifting.
The veil is lifting, just
as the veil is lifting
between Heaven and Earth.
So you will also see
that so many human beings
see their loved ones.
It wasn't that long
ago that that was
something to be frightened of.
But now, it is very popular.
>> REGINA: Becoming very common.
>> WOMACK: Absolutely.
Everyone is psychic.
How wonderful.
>> REGINA: And will the veil
ultimately be lifted from
our own understanding of
self, in that this perpetual
reincarnation into a
forgetfulness and having
to experience life in that way,
almost starting anew except
for what's in the
aura or subconscious--
well, are we entering or
drawing near to a time
when we can begin remembering
upon reincarnation?
>> WOMACK: Yes.
Beautiful yes.
And how wonderful.
>> REGINA: In the past, was it
felt that because of our maybe
child-likeness that the pain of
the past was too much to bring
through into each incarnation,
the remembrance of the pain?
Is it that now we'll be
able to see it in a new way,
in a more integrated
way, and thus we
can have those remembrances
made available?
>> WOMACK: It's all
about perspective.
Human beings do not like pain,
and they don't like change.
So if they can avoid
looking at what hurts,
whether it's in the past or the
present, they we'll do that.
So
The job of the angels and
of spiritual messengers
all over the globe, the ancient
ones, is to let them know.
Here.
Let us show you how to look
so that it doesn't hurt,
so that transformation
actually feels like joy.
It's a lifting up.
It's a liberation.
It's the freedom
you cry out for.
And it is happening.
>> REGINA: And it seems like
we'll be able to learn so much
more quickly, if we start off
with a little bit of knowledge
of our past.
Otherwise, history does
repeat itself, it seems.
>> WOMACK: History-- it's
the way that you work, right?
Of course, history
repeats itself
because the subconscious is
made of thoughts and feelings.
It is the past, and you're
using your subconscious
to create your present.
So there is an exciting
movement on your planet.
And that is, let
go of your past.
Learn from it, and let it go.
We believe that that was
even in "The Lion King."
We do love that
movie here in Heaven.
>> REGINA: That's
a wonderful movie.
>> WOMACK: Let your past
go, but learn from it.
And that is happening through
the joy of transformation.
And again, there are healers
all over the planet--
great shamans, whether they know
that they are a shaman or not,
which just means
teacher of change.
They are helping to facilitate
the letting go of the past.
Let's let it go and forgive it.
>> REGINA: Wonderful.
Now, we have only
a few minutes left,
so I'm going to go through
a couple of things quickly,
and one I'm curious about.
It's often been said
that what was laid down
in the higher times
of Egypt, which
is far more ancient
than our history books
relay, that much was laid down
via hieroglyphics and such
from the Atlantean
and Lemurian times,
and that those hieroglyphics
will actually tell us
what we have to look forward
to live into once again,
if we could only
understand them correctly.
Is any headway really being
made in understanding,
truly understanding, the
hieroglyphics, the meaning
of these hieroglyphics?
>> WOMACK: We offer
you a simpler way.
Hieroglyphics are marvelous
because they actually were
encoded here on your school.
What we say to you,
just close your eyes
and take a deep
breath, and say inside,
I would like to know what's
in those hieroglyphics.
>> REGINA: Yes.
[CHUCKLES]
>> WOMACK: And you will know.
You will know the
beautiful truth that yes--
yes, of course.
It's not just in the
ancient hieroglyphics.
It is in other texts and
hidden beautiful sacred spots
on your planet.
Mother Earth keeps
the story of the truth
of her school in all of the 300
billion layers of her being.
It is there.
It is recorded.
>> REGINA: Thank you for that.
And now I'd like to
have a few very kind
of simple and direct messages
regarding, as human beings--
and we've probably touched
on most of it already.
If we could hold one
single belief that
is universal within us and
embody that particular belief,
what would the most significant
one for humanity be?
>> WOMACK: That you are
God's divine children,
so let that divinity
soak into your humanity.
Let your humanity
remember, you are loved.
You are cherished.
You are supported.
And you are not being
punished, and nor will you be.
All is forgiven.
Let the love in.
>> REGINA: And when we
feel we've missed the boat,
where we haven't listened,
will another boat always come?
>> WOMACK: Absolutely.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
Because that's a big one
people beat themselves up over.
Oh, my God, I didn't see
it when it was there, when
it was right in front of me.
But it seems like there's
an endless amount of grace
that you're speaking of.
>> WOMACK: Endless.
Grace will always come.
Mother-Father God will
always come and knock
at the door of
your consciousness,
again, and again, and again,
and say, you are my child.
You can be a teenager,
and you can lock the door,
and you can have a tantrum.
But I know eventually,
you will miss me.
You will miss me.
And you will let me in.
>> REGINA: That's
very beautiful.
Is there any final
statement you'd
like to share besides
that last beautiful one?
>> WOMACK: Belinda and the
angels would like to send
a message to humanity.
Thank you.
Thank you for your courage.
Thank you for your courage
of taking this journey
for all of the universe.
You are not weak or powerless.
You're not a failure.
You're not an
embarrassment to God
or to all those other fancy
civilizations out there.
You are beautiful
and you are divine.
And you are so very courageous.
Love thyself as your
Creator loves you.
>> REGINA: And with that, I
thank all of you for being
here, for sharing these
incredible words of wisdom.
This is perhaps one of my
very, very favorite interviews
of all times and
conversations of my lifetime.
Thank you.
>> WOMACK: Thank you,
and you're welcome.
>> REGINA: With that, if you
haven't already done so, you
might want to watch my first
interview with Belinda.
Meanwhile, you can find her
book and major booksellers.
It's titled, "Lessons
from the 12 Archangels."
You can literally feel the
light passing through the pages.
You can also get in
contact with Belinda
directly with questions
regarding her classes
or coaching through
BelindaWomack.com.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]